# Group Contract## Introduction Round### PreparationThe following individuals are part of the group: Ahmad, Hanni, Lasse & Youssef.### Who am I? What are my desires and experiences with group work?We work well together as a group and have high ambitions for our work.## Expectation Alignment### Framework for the workWhat are we going to do in the group? (solve tasks, submit assignments, discuss course material, other?)What do we want to achieve through our group work? Academic and/or social group (e.g., focused work and/or small talk?)What have we done before we meet?When, where, how long, and how often will we meet?Do we need a division of roles (facilitator, taskmaster, note-taker)?As a group, we will work on an ICE project, and we would like to get as much as possible out of our work both academically and socially.Everyone can contribute their inputs. Regarding meeting planning, we will discuss after each completed day where and how we should work together the next day.As a group, we are very understanding of each other's commitments and if someone needs to leave early or cannot attend.### Communication within the groupHow will the group communicate - email, SMS, or other means?We have a group Discord. We use this for all communication related to our ICE project.### Absence/Notification of absenceHow and when should one notify about absence?Please notify on Discord as needed.### Conflict ResolutionWhat problems can arise?How will we solve them?What if one or more group members do not adhere to agreements?How do we ensure that agreements are kept?There are no issues among the group members. If problems were to arise, the group would work together to resolve them.If a member or members fail to comply with the group contract, contact will be made.We ensure that everyone adheres to the contract by observing the group's behavior and work.## Evaluation### Follow-upHow often should we review the group contract?When should we evaluate the contract for the first time?We will review the contract as needed.The contract should be evaluated for the first time on May 10, 2023.